Feat: Add frontend setup section to repo.md and public microagents section (#35)
enyst/playground: .openhands/microagents/repo.md

then re-run the command to ensure it passes.

## Repository Structure

> ## IMPORTANT: Public Microagents
> 
> To understand the public microagents available in this repository, please read [microagents/README.md](microagents/README.md). These microagents are shared across all OpenHands users and provide reusable knowledge and common workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
```

  - Available variables: VITE_BACKEND_HOST, VITE_USE_TLS, VITE_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY, VITE_FRONTEND_PORT
- Internationalization:
  - Generate i18n declaration file: `npm run make-i18n`

> 
> ## IMPORTANT: Frontend Setup
> 
> To understand the frontend setup in this repository, please read [frontend/README.md](frontend/README.md). This document provides information about the frontend application, including the tech stack, how to get started, run the application in development and production modes, project structure, features, testing, and contributing.

Author: ```suggestion

## IMPORTANT: Microagents

To understand the public microagents available in this repository, please read [microagents/README.md](microagents/README.md). These microagents are shared across all OpenHands users and provide reusable knowledge and common workflows.

The repo-specific microagents are in .openhands/microagents and they are "private" to this repo.
## IMPORTANT: Frontend Setup

```
